README.md, before:

# Carta Geografica

*Carta Geografica* - sounds ace, right? It just means "map" in Italian...

The digital world is full of beautiful maps, but we don't treat them like the art they are. This project aims to change that, with its perspective firmly placed on picking a location that's important to you, and highlighting it using a beautiful digital map template. Of course, you'll be able to choose one or many locations, showcase them across one screen or many screens, and do all that from an easy-to-use location picker in your browser.

As we near release, we'll share recommended hardware and build guides to get you started creating a wall-mounted map display of your own.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) (we're using v11.11)
  - I typically install using NVM, and found [this guide](https://yoember.com/nodejs/the-best-way-to-install-node-js/) a spot-on way to do it
- Coming soon

### Installing

1. Clone this repository
2. Add OpenLayers as a dependency with `npm install ol`
3. Add any required dependencies with `npm install --save-dev parcel-bundler`
4. Run the application with `npm start`

Open http://localhost:1234/ in your browser, and voila!

## Deployment

To create a production bundle of your application, simply type `npm run build` and copy the `dist/` folder to your production server.

## Built With

Coming soon

## Contributing

Coming soon

## Versioning

Coming soon

## Authors

* **Martin Ridgway** - *Initial work* - [martinridgway](https://github.com/martinridgway)
* **Derek Montgomery** - *Much less dumb v2 rewrite* - [DerektheDev](https://github.com/derekthedev)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/carta-geografica/contributors) who participated in this project. Coming soon

## License

Coming soon

## Acknowledgments

- The amazing [OpenLayers](https://openlayers.org/) project
- [Stamen Watercolors](http://maps.stamen.com/) map

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect LICENSE and CODE_OF_CONDUCT additions

README.md, after:

# Carta Geografica

*Carta Geografica* - sounds ace, right? It just means "map" in Italian...

The digital world is full of beautiful maps, but we don't treat them like the art they are. This project aims to change that, with its perspective firmly placed on picking a location that's important to you, and highlighting it using a beautiful digital map template. Of course, you'll be able to choose one or many locations, showcase them across one screen or many screens, and do all that from an easy-to-use location picker in your browser.

As we near release, we'll share recommended hardware and build guides to get you started creating a wall-mounted map display of your own.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) (we're using v11.11)
  - I typically install using NVM, and found [this guide](https://yoember.com/nodejs/the-best-way-to-install-node-js/) a spot-on way to do it
- Coming soon

### Installing

1. Clone this repository
2. Add OpenLayers as a dependency with `npm install ol`
3. Add any required dependencies with `npm install --save-dev parcel-bundler`
4. Run the application with `npm start`

Open http://localhost:1234/ in your browser, and voila!

## Deployment

To create a production bundle of your application, simply type `npm run build` and copy the `dist/` folder to your production server.

## Built With

Coming soon

## Contributing

Our [Contributor Covenant](https://github.com/martinridgway/carta-geografica/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) is available to read, and generated from the excellent work by https://www.contributor-covenant.org/

## Versioning

Coming soon

## Authors

* **Martin Ridgway** - *Initial work* - [martinridgway](https://github.com/martinridgway)
* **Derek Montgomery** - *Much less dumb v2 rewrite* - [DerektheDev](https://github.com/derekthedev)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/carta-geografica/contributors) who participated in this project. Coming soon

## License

Our [AGPL-3.0 license is here](https://github.com/martinridgway/carta-geografica/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- The amazing [OpenLayers](https://openlayers.org/) project
- [Stamen Watercolors](http://maps.stamen.com/) map
